Good afternoon, you hear the [ __ ] Starve from behind what the hell [ __ ] you up Good afternoon I’m from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, where are you from, Russia, Yekaterinburg, and what city? And how did it happen that such a huge country Russia of the 2nd world is raking in Ukraine from the armed forces of Ukraine, you are a man, you are going to get [ __ ] up soon That's when Look soon Ukraine has recaptured the Kharkov region gave you stars under the estuary retreat heroically run away Why not somehow I’m a mystery to me Time will show Well, look at the time when you were given Starry near Kyiv you ran away said Time will show you they gave you an underline with the amounts you said Time will show you they gave you on the snake island from your cruiser Moscow spectators searched for Time will tell time shows a little Shows your army disappears somewhere and so
She entered Ukraine and something I didn’t have mobiles Yes, now the chmobile is partially mobilized went into Roulette to load with a crest shorter and something damn Theme blacks the country Lord hello Good afternoon from Ukraine the city of Khmelnitsky where are you from I am from Russia the city of Mordor a city what a serious moder there is no city in Russia there is seriously where from why all Russians are afraid to say where I am from Ukraine the city of Khmelnitsky Peter Peter look I ask people from Russia I’m interested in such a question as it happened that the second army of the world Russia is now raking away from the Little Country from Ukraine there in the Kharkov region of Kyiv Sumy raked now here in Donetsk near Kherson how it turned out scary help is coming help is coming Therefore now you will receive back And why didn’t she come before help in 7 months how do you know where all together where did the regular military men go then they stayed there how much you stayed just be able to understand how much army Russia has  Russian
Federation
Yes, I’m interested in listening, I know, but it
makes me happy when it sounds Russian,
I’m
not
just  about those who died from
Russia Why in Ukraine That’s
exactly the Moon
Because it’s interesting for me to communicate I would have been
there already, you know, supposedly I killed 77
I know who I don’t meet I just
returned from Ukraine
and they’re all like that Now 7 months will come
think now  in short, now it
will come And now everything will change and
all these clowns then turn on a defensive
reaction so that I was there I killed In short, you
were strange you sit there some kind of
muhosranska you can’t even say anything there
In short, to say against his power there is a
larva he wants to understand the importance of understanding I am there
I was playing shorter damn clowns clowns
fascist clowns
I saw the city of Khmelnitsky from Ukraine, where I’m from the Far East, the city I’m from a village, not from a city, a village there, you don’t know. Let’s Alexander, look. they surrendered the Kyiv region Kherson this is the Chernihiv Sumy Kharkiv region under a lemon I wanted to get a matchmaker now rakes near Kherson How so no I am a citizen, let's you can I say that you people now You will answer I will not Why Why if this is a problem with this I have no problems Here You left, you left the village of the Far East, you chose Ukraine to talk with Ukrainians, and here, in short, you come across a Ukrainian, this is a patriot flag there, and something will have problems for you, this is some kind of victory over me, this is a victory, I enjoy likes Boss against What are all Russians in short, something on questions Yes, why do they rake in Ukraine, they are shorter  gets a lump in the throat
like they start looking for an opportunity
to somehow cut off on other topics
two fronts so shorter than 2 minutes
subscribe to the channel
Volgograd city
Volgograd region city Volzhsky
But you personally support the war in
Ukraine or as you are called a
special operation
after you  today they blew up the
Crimean bridge, believe now there are so
many Volunteers we will come you will
support that you will be satisfied with just the
most banal genocide everyone who survived
will send the Novosibirsk Islands where it
is cold for the rest 10 very
cold